Here is the updated and referenced version of the information you've provided:

"Food production contributes significantly to climate change. Notably, meat and dairy, particularly from cows, have a substantial impact. Livestock accounts for around 14.5 percent of the world's greenhouse gases each year, which is about the same amount as the emissions from all cars, trucks, airplanes, and ships combined worldwide. Beef and lamb have the largest climate footprints per gram of protein, while plant-based foods tend to have the smallest impact. Pork and chicken are somewhere in the middle. The average greenhouse gas impact of getting 50 grams of protein varies with the type of food: beef (17.7 kg of CO2), lamb (9.9 kg), farmed crustaceans (9.1 kg), cheese (5.4 kg), pork (3.8 kg), farmed fish (3.0 kg), poultry (2.9 kg), eggs (2.1 kg), tofu (1.0 kg), beans (0.4 kg), and nuts (0.1 kg)【11†source】.

Soy is a widely studied food due to its estrogenic and anti-estrogenic effects on the body. Although some studies may present conflicting conclusions about soy, this is mainly due to the wide variation in how soy is studied. However, recent population studies suggest that soy has either a beneficial or neutral effect on various health conditions. It is a nutrient-dense source of protein that can safely be consumed several times a week, and probably more often. It is likely to provide health benefits, especially when eaten as an alternative to red and processed meat. Soy foods are rich in nutrients, including B vitamins, fiber, potassium, magnesium, and high-quality protein. Unlike some plant proteins, soy protein is considered a complete protein, containing all nine essential amino acids that the body cannot make and must obtain from the diet. Soy foods can also be classified as fermented or unfermented, with some believing that fermenting soy improves its digestibility and absorption in the body【17†source】【18†source】.

Soy and its products have varying protein contents: soy milk (7g protein per cup), soft tofu (8g protein per 3 ounces), boiled mature soybeans (15g protein per ½ cup), dry roasted soybeans (11g protein per 1 oz.), boiled edamame (11g protein per ½ cup), soy cheese (4g protein per 1 oz.), and a soy burger patty (14g protein)【19†source】【20†source】.

Research has shown that soy might lower levels of harmful cholesterol. A 1995 meta-analysis of 38 controlled clinical trials showed that eating approximately 50 grams of soy protein a day in place of animal protein reduced harmful LDL cholesterol by 12.9 percent. Such reductions, if sustained over time, could mean a greater than 20% lower risk of heart attack, stroke, or other forms of cardiovascular disease. However, some later studies have tempered this finding, and the FDA proposed a rule in 2017 to revoke the claim that soy may reduce the risk of heart disease due to inconsistent findings. Despite this, epidemiological studies found that those who ate the highest amounts of tofu and isoflavones from soy foods had a lower risk of developing heart disease, and replacing red meat with plant proteins including soy foods, beans, and nuts was associated with a 14% lower risk of heart disease【21†source】."

I was not able to find the most recent information on the nutritional value of various foods and their comparison to soy, as well as information on the health benefits and risks of consuming soy and other plant proteins. I recommend consulting a nutritionist or dietic
1. https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2022/dining/climate-change-food-eating-habits.html?mtrref=undefined&gwh=12F0B4F308B6404A01580E51ABC81E67&gwt=regi&assetType=REGIWALL
2. https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/nutritionsource/soy/